readme.md, before:

# K6 HTML Summary Report

K6 HTML Summary Report is a plugin extension that transforms [k6](https://k6.io/) test results into HTML reports. This helps visualize load test metrics in an easy-to-read format, enabling better analysis and sharing of performance test results. Simply import the module into your k6 test scripts to generate comprehensive HTML reports with charts and tables showing response times, request rates, and other critical performance indicators.

Any HTTP metrics which have exceeded thresholds will be highlighted in red. Any group checks with more than 0 failures will also be shown in red.

![](https://img.shields.io/github/license/benc-uk/k6-reporter)
![](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/benc-uk/k6-reporter)
![](https://img.shields.io/github/release/benc-uk/k6-reporter)
![](https://img.shields.io/github/checks-status/benc-uk/k6-reporter/main)

# Basic Usage

This extension to K6 is intended to be used by adding into your K6 test code (JavaScript) and utilizes the _handleSummary_ callback hook. When your test completes a HTML file will be written to the filesystem, containing a formatted and easy to consume version of the test summary data

To use, add this module to your test code.

Import the `htmlReport` function from the bundled module hosted remotely on GitHub

```js
import { htmlReport } from 'https://raw.githubusercontent.com/benc-uk/k6-reporter/main/dist/bundle.js'
```

> Note. Replace `main` with a version tag (e.g. `3.0.0`) to use a specific version

Then outside the test's default function, wrap it with the `handleSummary(data)` function which [K6 calls at the end of any test](https://github.com/loadimpact/k6/pull/1768), as follows:

```js
export function handleSummary(data) {
  return {
    'summary.html': htmlReport(data),
  }
}
```

The key used in the returned object is the filename that will be written to, and can be any valid filename or path  
**Note. This is a change in the v2.1.1 release**

## Options

The **htmlReport** function accepts an optional options object/map as a second parameter, with the following properties

| Property | Type    | Default                   | Description                                                                |
| -------- | ------- | ------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| theme    | string  | 'default'                 | The theme to use for the report. See below                                 |
| title    | string  | 'K6 Test Report \<date\>' | The title to use for the HTML report                                       |
| debug    | boolean | false                     | If true, will output the raw JSON data input, you probably never need this |

## Themes

Version 3 introduced themes for the HTML report. There are now several themes to choose from:

- The `default` theme was revised in v3 to be a more little less cluttered and more modern looking. It is now the default theme.
- The `classic` theme is the original theme, and is still available if you prefer the old style.
- The `bootstrap` theme uses vanilla [Bootstrap 5](https://getbootstrap.com/) for styling and layout.
- You can also use [Bootswatch](https://bootswatch.com/) themes for a different look and feel. To use a Bootswatch theme, set the theme option to `bootswatch:<name>`, where `<name>` is one of the available Bootswatch themes, e.g. `cerulean`, `cyborg`, `darkly`, etc. If no name is provided, it will default to `cerulean`.

## Multiple outputs

If you want more control over the output produced or to output the summary into multiple places (including stdout), just combine the result of htmlReport with other summary generators, as follows:

```js
// This will export to HTML as filename "result.html" AND also stdout using the text summary
import { htmlReport } from 'https://raw.githubusercontent.com/benc-uk/k6-reporter/main/dist/bundle.js'
import { textSummary } from 'https://jslib.k6.io/k6-summary/0.1.0/index.js'

export function handleSummary(data) {
  return {
    'result.html': htmlReport(data),
    stdout: textSummary(data, { indent: ' ', enableColors: true }),
  }
}
```

# Screenshots

![main report screenshot](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/14982936/111346520-32b64100-8676-11eb-9b35-df32ef1982b1.png)

![another report screenshot](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/14982936/111085882-5d3ab980-8511-11eb-819d-d283bd03dc88.png)

Commit message:

Enhance K6 HTML Summary Report and remove ESLint configuration
- Updated the README to clarify the purpose of the K6 HTML Summary Report and improved descriptions of features.
- Removed the ESLint configuration file as it was no longer needed.
- Modified the report generation to change the default title format.
- Removed unused gRPC metrics from the report.
- Enhanced the default theme with new icons and improved tab functionality.
- Added support for gauge metrics in the report.
- Updated test data to reflect new metrics and thresholds.
- Adjusted the gRPC test script to include gauge metrics and modified the test stages for better performance.

readme.md, after:

# K6 HTML Summary Report

K6 HTML Summary Report is a plugin extension that transforms [k6](https://k6.io/) test results into HTML reports.

This helps visualize load test results in an easy-to-read format, enabling better analysis and sharing of performance test results. Simply import the module into your k6 test scripts to generate comprehensive HTML reports with charts and tables showing response times, request rates, and other critical performance indicators.

Any checks or thresolds defined in your test will be highlighted, with clear indication of pass/fail status.

![](https://img.shields.io/github/license/benc-uk/k6-reporter)
![](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/benc-uk/k6-reporter)
![](https://img.shields.io/github/release/benc-uk/k6-reporter)
![](https://img.shields.io/github/checks-status/benc-uk/k6-reporter/main)

# Basic Usage

This extension to K6 is intended to be used by adding into your K6 test code (JavaScript) and utilizes the _handleSummary_ callback hook. When your test completes a HTML file will be written to the filesystem, containing a formatted and easy to consume version of the test summary data

To use, add this module to your test code.

Import the `htmlReport` function from the bundled module hosted remotely on GitHub

```js
import { htmlReport } from 'https://raw.githubusercontent.com/benc-uk/k6-reporter/main/dist/bundle.js'
```

> Note. Replace `main` with a version tag (e.g. `3.0.0`) to pin to a specific version

Then outside the test's default function, wrap it with the `handleSummary(data)` function which [K6 calls at the end of any test](https://grafana.com/docs/k6/latest/results-output/end-of-test/custom-summary/), as follows:

```js
export function handleSummary(data) {
  return {
    'summary.html': htmlReport(data),
  }
}
```

The key used in the returned object is the filename that will be written to, and can be any valid filename or path  
**Note. This is a change in the v2.1.1 release**

## Options

The **htmlReport** function accepts an optional options object/map as a second parameter, with the following properties

| Property | Type    | Default                   | Description                                                                     |
| -------- | ------- | ------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| theme    | string  | 'default'                 | The theme to use for the report. See below                                      |
| title    | string  | 'K6 Test Report \<date\>' | The title to use for the report                                                 |
| debug    | boolean | false                     | If true, will output the raw JSON data input, you probably will never need this |

## Themes

Version 3 introduced themes support for styling the look of the output. There are now several themes to choose from:

- The `default` theme was revised in v3 to be modern and cleaner, you can thank AI Claude Sonnet for the design work! It's also smarter in what values and columns it shows and is generally the best choice.
- The `classic` theme is the original theme, and is still available if you prefer the chunky as hell old style.
- The `bootstrap` theme uses vanilla [Bootstrap 5](https://getbootstrap.com/) for styling and layout.
- You can also use [Bootswatch](https://bootswatch.com/) themes for a different look and feel. To use a Bootswatch theme, set the theme option to `bootswatch:<name>`, where `<name>` is one of the available Bootswatch themes, e.g. `cerulean`, `cyborg`, `darkly`, etc. If no name is provided, it will default to `cerulean`.

## Multiple outputs

If you want more control over the output produced or to output the summary into multiple places (including stdout), just combine the result of htmlReport with other summary generators, as follows:

```js
// This will export to HTML as filename "result.html" AND also stdout using the text summary
import { htmlReport } from 'https://raw.githubusercontent.com/benc-uk/k6-reporter/main/dist/bundle.js'
import { textSummary } from 'https://jslib.k6.io/k6-summary/0.1.0/index.js'

export function handleSummary(data) {
  return {
    'result.html': htmlReport(data),
    stdout: textSummary(data, { indent: ' ', enableColors: true }),
  }
}
```

# Screenshots

![main report screenshot](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/14982936/111346520-32b64100-8676-11eb-9b35-df32ef1982b1.png)

![another report screenshot](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/14982936/111085882-5d3ab980-8511-11eb-819d-d283bd03dc88.png)
